Reflections from lesson 2.

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
"git init" produces an empty repository.  It adds a hidden subdirectory 
called .git to the working directory.  If you don't do this, there will
be no place for your commits to be recorded.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is a list of files that become part of the commit.  
The staging area allows files to be associated with each other so they are
all updated simultaneously during a git commit.  The staging area provides
a means for multiple files to be updated together.  "git add" places files in 
the staging area.  "git commit" generates the commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
I'm not confident about how to answer this question.  I think that every time a
logical change is made, the affected files should be added to the staging area.
If you check status before making the commit, status will tell you what files 
have been changed since the last commit.  All files that have been changed should
be added to the staging area before committing them.  When a file has been committed
git references the file version using a git ID code.  These codes can be used to compare
any two versions using "git diff".  "git show" will generate a diff with the previous 
version of the file.  Use git checkout with an ID to access any version.  You can see
the git IDs using "git log".

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? 
How would branches help?
Branches would be useful when you want to preserve a working version of the source code 
while working out coding a new feature.  Branches help by keeping the source code changes
associated with the feature separate from the main branch.  To create a branch, use 
"git branch".  By creating a branch, you have created a git tree.  You can visualize
the tree using "git log --graph --oneline branch1 branch2 etc".

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams show chronological order.  This order reflects the parent/child
relationship between commits.  It also shows how branches are separated from 
the master.  In my case, the easy-mode branch did not appear distinct from the
master.  Perhaps this is because no further changes were made to the master after 
adding easy-mode or maybe because the easy-mode branch only contained one commit.
To view the branches graphically.

What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
When branches are merged by "git merge br1 br2" git tries to create a single file
containing the changes in both branches.  The diagram clearly shows which file
versions belong to each branch.  When the branches are merged, "git log" will show
the file IDs in chronological order.  In that case, the parent for each version
is not apparent.  The diagram preserves lineage.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
"git merge" works automatically if the changes in the branches to be merged are
independent (i.e. do not involve simultaneous and inconsistent changes to the same
line or function).  When changes to a line or function are inconsistent between branches, 
git asks that you resolve the conflict manually.  Branching provides a way to have two 
aspects of a document worked on independently.  Merging allows the changes to come
together.  In my opinion, having merges happen manually and continuously between branches 
could take a lot of time resolving conflicts.  The upside, however, would be that the
developer of each branch would always be working with the most recent version of the
complete project.  This assumes, however, that all updated versions involved in the
merge be relatively free from major bugs.  If not, development could be severly
hampered.  This lesson was relatively straightforward although many of the questions
were tricky and I did not always feel confident that I knew what was being asked for.
When the git log after the merge was asked for, I had deleted the conflict message.  
I had to figure out how to revert to before the merge and do it over again.  
The command I used to revert was "git reset --merge ORIG_HEAD" ... thank goodness
it worked.









