When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
	A remote repository is useful if I am using different machines to develop code
	or if I am working with a team.  The downside is that I must be connected to 
	the internet to use the remote repository.  The upside is that I can work with
	off-site collaborators and I don't need to worry about the machine holding my
	repository crashing.  One possible concern is security.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having 
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	If others are making changes to the code remotely, changes can happen
	at any time.  Automatic pulls will could result in changes occurring
	while a file is being edited and mandate a merge when it was time to
	save the local file.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When 
would you use one instead of another?
	I can clone any repository (if I have permission) and use it on
	my local machine.  I can create branches on the cloned repository
	to modify files without affecting those in the the master branch.
	If I have permission, I can push my branch (and changes to the master)
	to the remote repository.  If I clone a remote repository and use it
	locally I may not be able to push my changes back to the remote
	because I do not have permission.  A fork allows me to make a remote
	copy of a repository that I can push to from my local machine or
	edit on the remote server.
	
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the 
remote stored locally?
	It allows git to determine if a merge is required when you commit
	a new version of a file locally.
	
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would 
be easier, and what would be harder?
	Without version control software, collaborators would have to
	check in with each other much more frequently.  One collaborator
	might need to spend a lot of time coordinating changes, merging
	files and checking with others for correctness.  Github provides
	mechanisms to make these changes easier.
